-- Written Jan. 25. First draft of an idea. I was making coffee after my 4:20 break. The light was this blueish color... something strange. I've seen this light before. When I was on shrooms, it occured to me that when I turned on the light, I entered another realm. I different world... one ruled by something sinister and evil, but when I turned the light off, I went into a twilight place... a place of fear and dread. I felt it deep... and was reminded of it by the tone and quality of the light tonight. It's sort of... deep. It's been like this since about 2 pm. It's currently 5 pm, and I'll bet that it stays like this for about another 20 to 45 minutes (I'll follow up later.) 

I am trying something new. Zelda got it wrong. The light shouldn't be twilight, it should be a deep blue. I don't know enough about color to pick one that is right. I got to writing, and I felt a character come out of me. This man is Merak. He is the hero of part one, but the villian of everything else in this Legend. He is a character that will cross Legends. He is a God or Demi-God. 

This is a book written in game by a guy named Brock Tigrin. Later on, he is going to become this dude named Lord Shadow's Reach, and he's this bad fucking dude. I'm not sure how yet... but I want to build up this lore about stuff, and this seems as good a way as any.

--
From the pages of a chapter of The Book entitled "Brock Tigrin says Run! Don't trust any of them!" by an unknown author, though it is supposed to be the transcripts Tigrin used to write his better known book, "Hark!", under his abysmal name, Lord Shadow's Reach. 

Journal Entry 1...

What is my name, you ask? Why would you want to know that? Perhaps you recognize me? I do not recognize you, but I feel that you are a friend of mine. Why do you seek to know my name? Nevermind... I'll let you keep your motives to yourself, for I have nothing to hide. 

If you wish to who I am, first let me tell you what I am...

Sometimes, when the light is just right, when the seasons and nature conspire thus, the paths of twilight are openend. 

It comes on slow. The temperature must be around 35 degrees f. Just on the edge of too cold. The humitity must be high, above 75%. There is often times a light drizzle, but times there is a heavy rain, the kind of rain that makes you stand in awe of how tiny you are compared to the might of nature. Again other times it can come on when the sky is clear... blue as far as the eyes can see. 

When conditions are just right, you'll feel a chill in your bones that you can't shake. Better get warm and pray you stay dry... it's about to get colder. 

There is a peace in the air. A stillness. You can hear the creatures of nature scurry around you. Life, usually so still, stirs one last time before the dark comes on... then slowly... one by one... in and order known only to the old ones, life bows before death for a season. 

As the night wears on, the color of the light, for one last moment will once again flare! Golden! Red! Vibrant with life! One last, glorious show! But slowly... inch by inch... the night will claim the battle. First... orange will turn to violet... a sickening corruption of the final glory of the day. This sickness will spread... deepening first into blue... then when all hope seems lost! One last ray of light may shine through... However it is quickly swallowed by the night. In moments... the Abyss has won, but the cycle is doomed to repeat!

For The Light is ruler of life and all of its dread, and hate and war! But its love also! And the true beaty of vibrant life! The Dark is ruled of death and chaos... But behind the fear and terror that plague those of the Light, there is a peace and tranqility. The Dark is defined by its passion, and coolness. Brutality and fear are known to both, and they war for ever against each other in a never ending frued for control of chains that bind eternity. 

Creation is a deep thing. Deeper than you think. It is forever stranger than you can even imagine. I have seen how deep it goes. To the end of the rainbow, as it were. I am one of the Eternal Ones. Doomed to witness the cycles of creation, forever blessed and cursed to See. Hear my tale. The tale of the Chains of Eternity! and Avarain and his mighty Tower, and its ever mightier fall! Let me tell you of the doom that awaits those who attempt to bind reality to their will. It may be of interest to you someday...

Journal Entry 2...

I lived in the north western United States at the time. I can't really remember the year any more... which is strange to me. It must not have been too far from where we are now... The lines of time get so... hazzy sometimes.... 

Anyway, I digress. It must have been in the winter time. I remember I was very cold. At the time, I was over weight. I was trying to get myself into shape! I was walking in the woods. I didn't think I was far from my home, but I know now that I was deep in an ancient wood... We had forgotten the ancient ways, and had dug too deep into the Earth. 

I wasn't alone on the path. There must have been a dozen other people seeking something in the woods that night. I was after solitude. I didn't want to be part of the noise any longer. On a side train, I followed a trail deeper into the woods. Up a hill, I followed deer trails down a glenn. Soon I lost track of what time it was. In my haste to escape... something in my life... I left all my... everything... 

...

...

Soon I was lost... The light... I will always remember how beautiful I thought it was. I was struck in awe of the ballance between day and night. All things seemed prepared... hinged on a lever. Ready to fall with the smallest of pushes. 

I had brought some weed and shrooms with me on my walk. I don't know why I had them with me any more, but I figured it was as good a time as any to stop in the woods and commune with nature. So, I got high as fuck! Night came on quick... I decided to try to find my way. That is when things got... out of control...

end