-- First Off -- 
I don't know what I am doing. I am writing this section as a journal to myself. This is an experiment. I am trying to work out how to write this thing that I have inside of me. I am starting to understand that it is not a fleeting moment that I will lose. It is a process. The ideas will come on slowly. I'm only just now getting to the point where I can talk about these things that I am thinking about. First... I must speak about them. Then I'll be able to write about them. 

I am not sure if I should go with the idea of revisions, or if I should just pile the newest stuff on the top. I am going to try a few different things. See what really sticks for me. 

-- The Big Idea --
There exists two primal forces in the existence. They are Peace and War. Due to their very nature, there cannot be any middle ground between these to. At each moment of strife in our lives, we must each choose whether we are going to walk the path of Peace, or the path of War.

But Merak didn't know anything about the path he was on. He lived in a world that had long ago succumbed to a blind path, which none now truly understood. Maybe peace failed them... but they gave into dispair. It's hard to say... but their world is a cold one, that is for certain. 

Goals: 

6 hour for 100% run through. 
1 hour for speed run (probably only I'll be able to play it that fast).

This is Episode 1. It stars Merak. 

Episode 2 will star Lord Deimos.

Episode 3 will star Merak again. 

Episode 1 will conclude when Merak and Lord Deimos cross blades for the first time. In that instant, for the first time, Merak will experience the full life of Lord Deimos. Episode 2 will be this sequence. It should have the same production length, and hopefully, better value, than episode 1. The goal is to get the players to both love and despise this guy. 

When episode 3 picks back up with Merak, he will have to decide wether Lord Deimos lives or dies. 

Going forward, episodes will be planned around plot sequences that should feel a little like Rebels. There is a main character, but sometimes it changes. Merak will be the first main character. By the time his arc is complete, picking which thread to pick up will be fun. 